%\include{header}
%\begin{document}
\chapter{Conclusion} \label{chap:Conclusion}

A digital in-line holographic microscope was built at Acadia University. This
was so that holograms could be taken and reconstructed numerically.
Using HoloPy, numerical reconstructions were obtained to images taken at Acadia
University from the in-line microscope.
Images from Harvard
University were also reconstructed so that comparisons could be made with the
microscope that was built at Acadia University. The Harvard University setup
was much more complicated and expensive, which allowed for a higher resolution
hologram to be taken which lead to a higher resolution reconstruction. With the
minimalistic setup that was built at Acadia University, there were
reconstructions made that could resolve 5 micron colloidal silica. Biological
samples, such as red blood cells or onion cells, were imaged, but due to the high amount of
fridges and overlapping objects, they could not all be resolved to the standard
that was being sought. Overall, the images and reconstructions obtained
contained great detail, and the objective of this experiment was achieved.

Future work that could be done would be to upgrade the microscope. With a
better second objective, the reconstructions could have a better resolution,
allowing for some of the biological samples that could not be resolved to be
reconstructed successfully. Another improvement would be to translate the
horizontal setup of the microscope into a vertical setup. This would allow for
a better suspension to be had on the slide. The horizontal method makes any
suspension slowly decay to the bottom of the well, when it would be
advantageous for the objects to not move unless it was desired for them to
move. Pinhole holography could be attempted again, now that more is known about
holography in general. This would require a better setup than what is currently
being used, but the resolution could then be easily altered depending on the
size of the pinhole used.


%\end{document}
